Now, apart from declaring the components of an application.
The manifest file is also used to define attributes to enable certain features and to clear permissions
needed by the application.
Developer can leave their application vulnerable if they enable or misuse certain attributes, so we'll
get a copy of the apps database using the debugger able option that we detected in the Android manifest
file.
Let's get into it.
So open up bytecode and click on the Android manifest file.
As I mentioned earlier, if an application is marked as debugger more than an attacker can access the
applications data just by assuming the privileges of that application.
So let's have a look at the connectivity of the device.
Doesn't appear to be a problem.
All right, so run the ATB Shell and Sue Shell command to start a shell on the emulator.
Now we can switch to a non route user using the run as command to view the contents of the packages
directory, where normally I wouldn't have that permission.
Now, we've used the privileges of the insecure Bankcorp, as you remember, every app has a user I.D.
on Android.
So list files.
There's a database folder.
So go to this folder and list the files again.
And look at this, my DB is the database of the application.
Excerpt from the show.
And we can even use the run as command to retrieve files that would normally be stored securely in the
applications data directory, run the ADB exec dash out run dash as combat android insecure bank V2
cat databases slash my be.
Might be dash copy.
So this is the command that gets the copy of the database.
Now, let's list the files.
OK, so we get the copy, the database, and this file is an obscure light file format.
And yeah, so we can't read the file with text editors, but you can always open that file with askew
light.